AI Client: complete/update/improve doc (#32311)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/ai-client/README.md

#### [SuggestionsEventSouce](./src/suggestions-event-source/Readme.md) Class

Class that connects to an AI model to receive and emit suggestion streams, using EventTarget for handling data chunks.

#### [useAiSuggestions](./src/hooks/use-ai-suggestions/Readme.md) hook

A custom React hook that obtains suggestions from an AI by hitting a specific query endpoint.

#### [JWT](./src/jwt/Readme.md) helper

Library to manage JWT tokens for Jetpack AI across various site types, handling acquisition, caching in localStorage, expiration, and customization of request options.

#### [Data Flow](./src/data-flow/Readme.md) implementation

Data Flow offers a streamlined way to manage an AI Assistant's state and functionality within a React app, using React context, HOCs, and custom hooks to handle suggestions, errors, and requests.

### [Components](./src/components/)

#### [AIControl](./src/components/ai-control/Readme.md)

#### [AiStatusIndicator](./src/components/ai-status-indicator/)

### [Icons](./src/icons/Readme.md)
## Contribute

> React components useful to when you need to create some UI implemetations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React components useful for when you need to create some UI implementations.
```
